Update Release Documentation (#91)
E3SM-Project/zstash: source/release.rst

either a Linux or macOS machine. You do **not** need to run these steps on both.

> 1. Be in the ``base`` conda environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Activate the ``base`` conda environment. if you have not already done so:

    ::
    
            conda activate base
```

Make sure you have the latest versions of ``conda``, and ``conda-build``

> by running ``conda update -n base conda conda-build``.

Author: Not entirely sure this is the correct update to this step.

Reviewer: Yes, this is correct.

Reviewer: You should add `anaconda-client` to the list.  This is the package that supports the `anaconda upload` command.

        git fetch origin master
        git checkout -b <branch-name> origin/master

> 3. Run ``conda env list``. There will be several paths listed.
> For each of those paths, run ``rm -rf <path>/miniconda3/conda-bld`` to ensure that you're building the latest package:

Reviewer: This is not necessary.  You only need to delete the `conda-bld` environment associated with your `miniconda3` installation.  There isn't one per environment.  The only reason you might see this in your particular case is because you have an installation on `anaconda3` and of `miniconda3`, which are completely separate from one another.

```suggestion
3. Run ``conda env list``. Determine the path for the `miniconda3` installation you are using to build the package. 
Typically, this will be `~/miniconda3`.  Run ``rm -rf <path>/conda-bld`` to ensure that previously built packages are not included in the current build.
```

> 4. Run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the following commands to make sure the `conda-forge` channel is included by default and that packages
come from that channel whenever possible:
```

    ::

        conda config --add channels conda-forge
        conda config --set channel_priority strict

5. Run ``conda build conda/ -c conda-forge``. The ``conda/`` folder is where ``meta.yaml`` is located and the ``-c``
tells conda the channels where the dependencies defined in ``meta.yaml`` can be found. Keep the output of this command.
We'll use it in step 7.

6. Run ``conda search --info --use-local zstash``. The only dependency should be ``python >=3.6``. In particular,
``python_abi`` should not be listed as a dependency.

> 7. In the output of step 5, you should see something like the below.
> We only have one package of type ``noarch``, so it's compatible with both Python 2 and 3.
> Since we only officially support Python 3, it might not work with Python 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the output of step 5, you should see something like the below.
We only have one package of type ``noarch``, meaning it works on both Linux and OSX and is compatible with multiple versions of Python (3.6, 3.7, 3.8, etc.). 
Since we have constrained python versions to >= 3.6 in the dependencies, it will not work with Python 2 or any other version of Python <= 3.5.
```
